# CRUD  

1. In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:
- 100’s =  Infomational Status Code
- 200’s =  Success Code
- 300’s =  Redirection Code
- 400’s =  Client Error Code
- 500’s =  Server Error Code
2. What is a status code 202?  
   - Accepted - Often used for asynchronous processing
3. What is a status code 308?  
   - See Other - Like the 202 code but using a ```Location``` header field
4. What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client?  
   - 204 No Content - A proper code for updates that don’t return data to the client, for example when just saving a currently edited document.
5. What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does?  
   - 410 Gone - This is like 404 but we know that the resource existed in the past, but it got deleted or somehow moved, and we don’t know where.
6. What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code?  
   - 403 Forbidden- The client has authorized or doesn’t need to authorize itself, but still has no permissions to access the resource.  

Ref: [Status Codes Based On REST Methods]  (https://www.moesif.com/blog/technical/api-design/Which-HTTP-Status-Code-To-Use-For-Every-CRUD-App/)  




# REST API With Node.js, Express, & MongoDB

1. Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env?  
   - allow us to make changes without having us manually change it.  

2. What is middleware?
What does app.use(express.json()) do? 
   - Code that runs when the  server gets a request but before it gets passed to the router. 
   - Lets our server except json as a body inside of a post element.  

3. What does the /:id mean in a route?  
   - 
4. What is the difference beween PUT and PATCH?  

5. How do you make a defalut value in a schema?  

6. What does a 500 error status code mean?  

7. What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 2011.  


Ref: [Build A REST API With Node.js, Express, & MongoDB](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFbNIlppjAuEX4znoulh0Cw)