# APIs

## API Design Best Practices  

1. What does REST stand for?
   - REST is an architectural style for building distributed systems based on hypermedia.
2. REST APIs are designed around a ____.
   - REST APIs are designed around resources, which are any kind of object, data, or service that can be accessed by the client.
3. What is an identifer of a resource? Give an example.
   - an identifier, which is a URI that uniquely identifies that resource. For example, the URI for a particular customer order might be: https://adventure-works.com/orders/1  
4. What are the most common HTTP verbs?
   - The most common operations are GET, POST, PUT, PATCH, and DELETE  
5. What should the URIs be based on?
   - URIs should be based on nouns (the resource) and not verbs (the operations on the resource).
6. Give an example of a good URI.
   - https://adventure-works.com/orders
7. What does it mean to have a ‘chatty’ web API? Is this a good or a bad thing?
   - factor is that all web requests impose a load on the web server
8. What status code does a successful GET request return?
   - retrieves a representation of the resource at the specified URI. The body of the response message contains the details of the requested resource.
9. What status code does an unsuccessful GET request return?
10. What status code does a successful POST request return?
    - creates a new resource at the specified URI. The body of the request message provides the details of the new resource. Note that POST can also be used to trigger operations that don't actually create resources.
11. What status code does a successful DELETE request return?
    - DELETE removes the resource at the specified URI.

    Ref: (API Design)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/best-practices/api-design#what-is-rest]


## RegEx

1. How would you match your name using RegEx?
   -Answer Coming Soon